OECD (2023), "COVID-19 Health Indicators, Mortality (by week)", OECD Health Statistics (database), https://doi.org/10.1787/cd2bda32-en (accessed on 26 April 2023).




OECD (2023), Passenger car registrations (indicator). doi: 10.1787/c58fcf22-en (Accessed on 26 April 2023)

Passenger car registrations
Related topics
Energy
Passenger car registrations refer to the number of newly (first-time) registered passenger cars (private cars) or vehicles (commercial cars) registered to the authorities. Data are sourced via the European Automobile Manufacturer's Association (ACEA) and measured in number of units. Data are measured as an index with the base year 2015.



OECD (2023), Life expectancy at birth (indicator). doi: 10.1787/27e0fc9d-en (Accessed on 26 April 2023)

Definition of
Life expectancy at birth
Life expectancy at birth is defined as how long, on average, a newborn can expect to live, if current death rates do not change. However, the actual age-specific death rate of any particular birth cohort cannot be known in advance. If rates are falling, actual life spans will be higher than life expectancy calculated using current death rates. Life expectancy at birth is one of the most frequently used health status indicators. Gains in life expectancy at birth can be attributed to a number of factors, including rising living standards, improved lifestyle and better education, as well as greater access to quality health services. This indicator is presented as a total and per gender and is measured in years.



OECD (2023), Fertility rates (indicator). doi: 10.1787/8272fb01-en (Accessed on 26 April 2023)

Definition of
Fertility rates
The total fertility rate in a specific year is defined as the total number of children that would be born to each woman if she were to live to the end of her child-bearing years and give birth to children in alignment with the prevailing age-specific fertility rates. It is calculated by totalling the age-specific fertility rates as defined over five-year intervals. Assuming no net migration and unchanged mortality, a total fertility rate of 2.1 children per woman ensures a broadly stable population. Together with mortality and migration, fertility is an element of population growth, reflecting both the causes and effects of economic and social developments. The reasons for the dramatic decline in birth rates during the past few decades include postponed family formation and child-bearing and a decrease in desired family sizes. This indicator is measured in children per woman.



OECD (2023), Hours worked (indicator). doi: 10.1787/47be1c78-en (Accessed on 26 April 2023)

Definition of
Hours worked
Average annual hours worked is defined as the total number of hours actually worked per year divided by the average number of people in employment per year. Actual hours worked include regular work hours of full-time, part-time and part-year workers, paid and unpaid overtime, hours worked in additional jobs, and exclude time not worked because of public holidays, annual paid leave, own illness, injury and temporary disability, maternity leave, parental leave, schooling or training, slack work for technical or economic reasons, strike or labour dispute, bad weather, compensation leave and other reasons. The data cover employees and self-employed workers. This indicator is measured in terms of hours per worker per year. The data are published with the following health warning: The data are intended for comparisons of trends over time; they are unsuitable for comparisons of the level of average annual hours of work for a given year, because of differences in their sources and method of calculation.


OECD (2023), Labour force (indicator). doi: 10.1787/ef2e7159-en (Accessed on 26 April 2023)

Definition of
Labour force
The labour force, or currently active population, comprises all persons who fulfil the requirements for inclusion among the employed (civilian employment plus the armed forces) or the unemployed. The employed are defined as those who work for pay or profit for at least one hour a week, or who have a job but are temporarily not at work due to illness, leave or industrial action. The armed forces cover personnel from the metropolitan territory drawn from the total available labour force who served in the armed forces during the period under consideration, whether stationed in the metropolitan territory or elsewhere. The unemployed are defined as people without work but actively seeking employment and currently available to start work. This indicator is seasonally adjusted and it is measured in persons.


